{
        "name": "Korean Fried Chicken",
        "description": "
        1. For the sauce, peel and crush the garlic, peel and very finely grate the ginger and add to a pan with the remaining ingredients. Place over a medium-high heat until beginning to bubble; reduce the heat and cook, stirring, for 10 minutes, or until thickened and syrupy. Remove from the heat and set aside.
        2. Prepare your deep-fat fryer if you have one. Otherwise, pour the vegetable oil into a large pot, to no higher than 5cm below the rim, and use a thermometer. Place over a medium-high heat and, using a thermometer to guide you, bring the oil to 150ºC.
        3. Meanwhile, combine the flours, baking powder, 1 teaspoon of black pepper and 2 teaspoons of sea salt in a bowl. Add the chicken, toss to coat, then gently shake off any excess. Once the oil is hot, add the chicken and cook, in batches, for 12 minutes. Remove and drain on kitchen paper.
        4. Increase the temperature of the oil to 185ºC. Return the chicken to the oil, in batches again, and fry for 6 more minutes, until golden brown and crispy. Remove and drain as before.
        5. Reheat the sauce, if necessary, then gently toss with the chicken to coat completely. Serve the sticky wings piled up with the sesame seeds and thinly sliced chives scattered over.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/chicken-recipes/korean-fried-chicken/",

        "ingredients":[
        "1 litre vegetable oil , for frying",
        "40 g plain flour",
        "40 g potato flour , (or plain flour)",
        "30 g cornflour",
        "1 teaspoon baking powder",
        "1.5 kg free-range chicken wings , tips removed, cut in two through the joint",
        "1 teaspoon each of toasted black and white sesame seeds,
        "½ a bunch of fresh chives",
        "5 cloves of garlic",
        "3 cm piece of ginger",
        "4½ tablespoons gochujang Korean chilli paste",
        "4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar".
        "3 tablespoons light brown sugar",
        "3 tablespoons runny honey",
        "1 tablespoon sesame oil"],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "korean-fried-chicken.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Korean Chicken Hotpot",
        "description": "
        1. Wipe the mushrooms clean, trim the stalks, halve any larger mushrooms, then dry char in a large non-stick casserole pan on a medium heat for 5 minutes, or until dark golden and beautifully nutty, turning halfway.
        2. Meanwhile, peel the carrots and finely slice into rounds at an angle. Trim and roughly slice the scallions. Drain the tofu and chop into eight chunks.
        3. Pull the skin off the chicken thighs and discard. Use the heel of a large knife to cut each thigh through the bone into three pieces by carefully and firmly tapping the knife with a rolling pin—this will add more flavor to the broth.
        4. Remove the mushrooms to a plate, and add the chicken and carrots to the pan. Cook for 10 minutes, stirring regularly.
        5. Pour in the stock, bring to a boil, then simmer for 20 minutes.
        6. Stir in the scallions, mushrooms, tofu, soy sauce, and chili paste and simmer for a final 20 minutes.
        7. Chop the kimchee and stir through just before serving (this means it isn’t overexposed to heat, so will retain more of its nutritional benefit).
        8. While the soup is simmering, cook the noodles according to the package instructions, then drain. Toss with the sesame oil and seeds, and divide between your bowls.
        9. Taste the broth, season to perfection, then squeeze in lime juice to add contrast. Divide between your hot noodle bowls, and enjoy.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/soup-recipes/korean-chicken-hotpot/",

        "ingredients":[
        "5 oz shiitake mushrooms",
        "2 large carrots",
        "1 bunch of scallions",
        "12 oz firm silken tofu",
        "4 free-range chicken thighs, skin on, bone in",
        "4 cups organic chicken stock",
        "1 teaspoon reduced-sodium soy sauce",
        "2 teaspoons Korean chili paste or hot chili sauce",
        "7 oz kimchee (find it in Asian supermarkets)".
        "8 oz whole-wheat noodles",
        "2 teaspoons sesame oil",
        "2 teaspoons raw sesame seeds",
        "1 lime"],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "korean-chicken-hotpot.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Radish Water Kimchi",
        "description": "
        1. Peel the radish, halve lengthways and cut into ½cm-thick slices. Peel and crush the garlic cloves, peel and finely chop the ginger, then halve and deseed the chillies.
        2. Peel the onion and cut into 1cm thin wedges, then halve the spring onions lengthways.
        3. Place the radish in a 2-litre large resealable container and cover with two tablespoons of sea salt, mixing well to ensure the radish is well-coated. Cover and leave at room temperature overnight.
        4. The following day, thoroughly rinse and drain the radish and the container to remove the salt.
        5. Return the radish to the empty container with the garlic, ginger, chillies, onion, honey and spring onion. Cover with 600 to 700ml of water and gently stir everything to combine.
        6. Cover and leave at room temperature for 2 days, then keep refrigerated for up to 2 weeks. The liquid can also be used as the base for chilled noodle broths.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetable-recipes/radish-water-kimchi/",

        "ingredients":[
        "1 kg daikon radish",
        "2 cloves of garlic",
        "2½ cm piece of ginger",
        "1 fresh green chilli",
        "1 fresh red chilli",
        "1/2 small white onion",
        "1 tablespoon runny honey",
        "1 spring onion",],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "radish-water-kimchi.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Korean-style Roast Chicken",
        "description": "
        1. Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F/gas 4.
        2. Toast the sesame seeds in a dry frying pan for 3 to 5 minutes, or until golden and nutty.
        3. Put the kimchi, gochujang, soy sauce, rice vinegar and 2 tablespoons of the sesame seeds into a blender, and whiz until smooth.
        4. Place the chicken in a snug-fitting baking tray. Pour one third of the marinade over the chicken and rub it in to all the nooks and crannies. Roast for 1 hour 20 minutes, or until everything is gnarly and cooked through.
        5. Add the honey to the remaining marinade and blitz until combined. Pour half into a small bowl and set aside – this will be your dipping sauce. Keep the rest of the sauce for your glaze.
        6. For the buns, cut out 12 x 8cm squares of greaseproof paper and rub each one with a little sesame oil to stop the buns sticking. Pour the coconut milk into a large mixing bowl, then add the flour and a good pinch of sea salt. Start mixing with a fork then get in there with your hands and knead until you have a soft, smooth dough – or do all this in a food processor.
        7. Tip the dough onto a flour-dusted work surface and roll into a sausage shape. Quarter it, then cut each piece into three to make 12 even-sized pieces and roll each into a ball. One-by-one, with a rolling pin, roll the balls into 10cm x 12cm ovals. Lay an oiled chopstick across the middle like a hinge, fold the dough in half and pull the chopstick out. Place each bun on a little rectangle of greaseproof paper ready for steaming.
        8. Remove the chicken from the oven and turn it off. Spoon over the reserved glaze to create another sticky layer and sprinkle over the remaining sesame seeds. Transfer to a plate and return to the oven to keep warm and tighten up the glaze while you cook the buns.
        9. Working in batches, place the buns on their greaseproof squares into a large bamboo steamer and pop the lid on. Place the steamer over a large frying pan or wok filled with 300ml of boiling water and steam for 8 to 10 minutes, or until fluffy and cooked through.
        10. For the slaw, scrub the carrots, trim the spring onions and chillies (deseed if you like), bok choi and cabbage. Finely zest and juice the limes into a serving bowl, add a little sesame oil and a good pinch of gochugaru. Finely chop all the slaw ingredients, drop them into the dressing bowl and toss with your hands to dress.
        11. Shred the chicken and serve with the coconut buns, slaw and remaining sauce.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/chicken-recipes/korean-style-roast-chicken/",

        "ingredients":[
        "3 tablespoons of sesame seeds",
        "2 tablespoons low-salt soy sauce",
        "2 tablespoons rice vinegar",
        "1.4 kg whole free-range chicken",
        "2 tablespoons runny honey",
        "sesame oil",
        "1 x 400 g tin of light coconut milk",
        "2 coconut milk tins’ worth of self-raising flour , (500g), plus extra for dusting".
        "2 carrots",
        "4 spring onions",
        "2 fresh red chillies",
        "1 bok choi",
        "1/2 a Chinese cabbage",
        "2 limes",
        "2.5 teaspoon gochugaru , (Korean red pepper powder)",
        "250 g kimchi"],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "korean-style-roast-chicken.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Baechu Kimchi",
        "description": "
        1. Remove the outer leaves and the stem of the cabbage.
        2. Using a sharp knife, make a cut about 10cm up the cabbage to the base and use it to gently pull the cabbage in half (this helps to keep the leaves whole without shredding them).
        3. Repeat the process with each half so that the cabbage is quartered.
        4. Fill a large bowl with cold water and submerge each of the cabbage quarters fully, then remove from the, water and shake them to get rid of any excess water.
        5. Take a small handful of salt and rub it up and down each leaf of 1 cabbage quarter, ensuring the thicker parts closer to the stalk are particularly well covered.
        6. Repeat with the remaining quarters, then transfer to a large, clean, clip lock plastic container and leave to brine for 3 hours, turning the cabbage quarters every 30 minutes to make sure the salt is distributed evenly over the cabbage.
        7. Meanwhile, make the kimchi "glue". Bring the stock to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the sweet rice flour, reduce the heat to a simmer and whisk together until there are no lumps and the mixture is thick enough to easily coat the back of a spoon. Set aside to cool to room temperature.
        8. Trim and finely slice the spring onions, then peel and finely chop the carrot, garlic and ginger. Core and finely chop the apple (leaving the skin on), then add all this, along with the fish sauce and saeujot, to the thickened "glue" and mix together thoroughly (this is easiest done by hand, wearing gloves).
        9. After brining, thoroughly wash the cabbages under cold running water to remove any excess salt or sediment that that be trapped between the leaves, then shake dry.
        10. Take a small handful of the "glue" and rub it up and down each leaf of 1 cabbage quarter to coat, making sure that the thicker parts nearer the base are particularly well covered as before. Repeat with the remaining cabbage quarters.
        11. Fold over the top third of each cabbage quarter into its centre, then fold over the outer leaves to form a parcel. Pack the kimchi parcels tightly into the large container.
        12. Spoon any leftover "glue" into the container to fill any gaps – this will help form a barrier against the air and prevent mould. Be sure to leave some space at the top of the container though, as the kimchi will need some room to ferment and expand (without it, you could end up with a kimchi explosion).
        13. Leave at room temperature for 3 to 4 days to ferment, then transfer to the refrigerator until needed.
        14. The kimchi will continue to ferment but at a much slower rate, so every day it’ll taste a little sharper and a little tangier. Enjoy with everything.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetable-recipes/baechu-kimchi/",

        "ingredients":[
        "1 Chinese cabbage",
        "50 g salt",
        "150 ml Myeulchi Gookmul (anchovy stock)",
        "1 tablespoon sweet rice flour",
        "4 tablespoons gochugaru (Korean red chilli powder)",
        "2 spring onions",
        "1 carrot",
        "4 cloves of garlic",
        "1 cm piece of ginger",
        "1 apple",
        "1.5 tablespoons fish sauce",
        "2 teaspoons saeujeot (salted fermented shrimp)"
        ],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "baechu-kimchi.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Coleslaw Kimchi",
        "description": "
        1. Trim, then shred the white cabbage, leek and carrot, then mix together in a bowl.
        2. Add the remaining ingredients and mix – it can be eaten straight away and will keep fresh in the fridge for 1 week.
        Recipe Source: https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetable-recipes/coleslaw-kimchi/",

        "ingredients":[
        "600g white cabbage",
        "200g leek",
        "100g carrot",
        "2 tablespoons gochugaru , (Korean chilli powder)",
        "1 teaspoon grated garlic",
        "1 teaspoon grated ginger",
        "1 tablespoon distilled vinegar",
        "2 tablespoons sesame oil",
        "1-2 teaspoons salt",
        "1/2-1 tablespoon granulated sugar"
        ],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "coleslaw-kimchi.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Soybean Paste Stew With Beef",
        "description": "
        1. Place a heavy, medium sized pot over medium heat. When it is hot, add the vegetable oil, beef, and garlic. Cook, stirring, for a few minutes, until the beef is no longer pink. Add 2 cups water.
        2. Cover and cook for 10 minutes over medium heat. If it begins to boil over, crack the lid.
        3. Add the potato, onion, zucchini, and doenjang.
        4. Cover and cook for another 10 minutes. Stir the stew to make sure that the soybean paste is evenly incorporated.
        5. Add the tofu, green chili pepper, green onion, and gochu-garu (if used).
        6. Cover and cook for about 5 minutes, until the tofu softens and the stew is bubbling. Serve right away with rice, kimchi, and more side dishes.
        7. You can refrigerate the stew for up to 3 days. When you want to have some, reheat gently on top of the stove.
        Recipe Source: https://www.maangchi.com/recipe/sogogi-doenjang-jjigae",

        "ingredients":[
        "4 ounces any cuts of beef (or ground beef), cut very thinly",
        "2 teaspoons vegetable oil",
        "2 garlic cloves, minced",
        "4 ounces potato, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice",
        "4 ounces onion, cut into 1/2-inch dice",
        "4 ounces zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch dice",
        "1/4 cup doenjang (Korean fermented soybean paste)",
        "4 ounces medium-firm tofu, cut into ½-inch pieces",
        "1 green chili pepper or jalapeño, sliced",
        "1 green onion, sliced",
        "1 teaspoon gochu-garu"
        ],

        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "soybean-paste-stew-with-beef.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Kimchi Pork Ribs",
        "description": "
        1. Soak the ribs in cold water for 1 to 2 hours, changing water a couple of times. Drain.
        2. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add the ribs. Cover and cook for 5 minutes until some brownish foam and smelly fat floats to the surface.
        3. Rinse the ribs in cold running water and drain. Put them into a large bowl and wash the large pot that the ribs were in.
        4. Add all the ingredients for seasonings into the bowl with the ribs and mix it all together by hand. You can wear a rubber glove for this if you want.
        5. Place the onion on the bottom of the pot and add the seasoned ribs over top. Then lay the kimchi on top of the ribs. Cut the stem of the kimchi with a kitchen knife or scissors so that the kimchi will be cooked nicely.
        6. Add 5 cups of cold water.
        7. Cover and cook for 1 hour over medium high heat until the meat is falling off the bone.
        8. Open the lid and turn the kimchi over. Add 2 cups more water and the green onion.
        9. Reduced the heat to medium and cook for another 10 minutes with the lid on.
        Recipe Source: https://www.maangchi.com/recipe/deungalbi-kimchijjim",

        "ingredients":[
        "2 pounds baby back ribs, sliced into individual ribs",
        "2 to 2½ pounds fermented kimchi",
        "1 large onion (about 8 ounces), sliced",
        "4 green onions, cut into 2 inch long",
        "2 tablespoons soy sauce",
        "2 tablespoons gochu-garu (Korean hot pepper flakes)",
        "1/4 cup rice syrup",
        "1/4 cup gochujang (Korean fermented hot pepper paste)",
        "1 teaspoon ground black pepper",
        "8 large garlic cloves, minced",
        "1 teaspoon peeled ginger, minced",
        "1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil"
        ],
        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "kimchi-pork-ribs.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Spicy Cod Fillets",
        "description": "
        1. In a bowl, season the cod evenly with salt and ground black pepper. Let it sit for 30 minutes in the fridge. Pat dry with a paper towel to remove excess water.
        2. Coat the cod pieces with the potato starch.
        3. Evenly spread the onion and garlic in the bottom of a small pan.
        4. Cut the dried kelp into 6 pieces and add it to the pan.
        5. Add soy sauce and sprinkle the gochu-garu over the onion.
        6. Add 1 cup water. Cook over medium high heat for about 3 minutes until it starts boiling.
        7. Reduce the heat to medium. Stir. Add the cod pieces on top, side by side. Cover and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat.
        8. Uncover and use a spoon to flip over each piece of the cod. Add the rest of the ¼ cup of water to the pan.
        9. Add green onion and green chili pepper. Cover and cook another 5 minutes over medium heat.
        10. Open the lid and scoop some liquid from the bottom of the pan and spoon it over top.
        11. Remove from the heat and serve right away with rice and other side dishes.
        Recipe Source: https://www.maangchi.com/recipe/daegusal-jorim",

        "ingredients":[
        "1 pound frozen cod fillets, thawed and cut into about 2½ inch pieces",
        "1/2 teaspoon kosher salt",
        "1/4 teaspoon ground black (or white) pepper",
        "2 tablespoons potato starch (or plain wheat flour)",
        "1 medium onion, sliced",
        "2 garlic cloves",
        "1 tablespoon soy sauce",
        "2 tablespoons gochu-garu (Korean hot pepper flakes)",
        "a palm-sized piece of dried kelp",
        "1 green onion, chopped",
        "1 green chili pepper, sliced",
        "1 plus ¼ cup water"
        ],
        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "spicy-cod-fillets.jpg",
}

{
        "name": "Beef Bone Broth",
        "description": "
        1. Rinse the bones in cold water to remove blood and bone fragments. Place in a large bowl of cold water and soak for 8 hours or overnight. While soaking, change the water a couple of times.
        2. Drain the bones and put them into a large stock pot. I use my 10 quart stock pot. Add water until the bones are submerged.
        3. Cover and boil for about 20 minutes over high heat, until it is vigorously boiling. You will see lots of floating brownish stuff and fat.
        4. Remove from the heat. Drain the bones, rinse each bone with cold running water, scrub them (you can wear rubber gloves for this), and drain well.
        5. Wash the pot thoroughly and put the bones back to the clean pot.
        6. Fill the pot with water (I added 6½ quarts water to my 10 quarts pot). Cover and cook over high heat for about 30 minutes until the water starts boiling.
        7. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 hours. Open the lid and stir the bones with a wooden spoon.
        8. Fill the pot with water, cover and simmer for 9 hours.
        9. Fill the pot with water again. Increase the heat to medium high heat and cook for 1 hour without the lid.
        10. Remove from the heat. Let it cool down a little bit until you can handle it.
        11. Strain the broth over a large bowl. Discard the strained bits (or you can eat them). You will get about 22 to 24 cups of white milky bone broth.
        Recipe Source: https://www.maangchi.com/recipe/sagol-gukmul",

         "ingredients":[
        "6 pounds sliced beef leg bones and/or knuckle bones"
        ],
        "category": "Korean",
        "image": "beef-bone-broth.jpg",
}